Ah emperor jade
Emperor Jade
Get rich get rich
Little brother, let's discuss something
Sell this jade to me, not for sale
Little brother, this jade is mine.
How can you take it away?
Yours is what my young master just bought.
How can it be yours?
So many people watching
Little pussy
What I sold him was that iron lump on the ground
I didn't say sell this jade to him
If you are sensible, hand over the jade
But this iron pimple
You can have it.
I mean, this guy is too young.
How nice to know what's inside and take it home
Aren't you looking for trouble here? This is not
This is bad luck, this emperor jade
Minimum value in millions
Yeah I don't think it's worth a million
He has never dared to rob me.
If the boy is sensible, hand over the jade
Otherwise don't even think about standing
I'd like to see what I can do if I don't give it to you
Boy, you are courting death